it started over 30 years ago with a tube
of glue and a vision
it started with knowing we could do
better that we could invent something
groundbreaking
we couldn't settle for less because you
couldn't settle for less
we are mcnac we're the makers the most
advanced repair maintenance care and
water treatment products in the outdoor
industry we've been weather-hardened
battle tested through downpours wind
storms and the everyday unforeseen we
know mother nature because we're out
there with you experiencing learning and
living from the demands of the outdoors
we believe that your ear should not come
between you and the experience of a
lifetime but when that gear needs repair
we'll be there to help with a full
product line for just about every
outdoor activity
including camping and hiking diving in
water sports
fishing hunting and military
for over 30 years we've experimented
tested and tortured our products pushing
them further so that no matter what you
won't be left out in the cold
we'll keep you comfortable and safe till
the fish stop biting
till the job is done
till you reach the summit until the
stars come out
because just like you we believe that
life is an adventure